**Episode 3**

Episode Summary:
"First Man Down" -- Charlie, Jack, Carisa 
The kids take over and use their knowledge of the school to fend for themselves and make weapons, 
here Nathaniel takes charge and makes something batman related. Liam volunteers to go find the 
zombies and he gets eaten.

Story: 

Everyone was panicking. The kids knew they could not just stay in the Cafeteria with MSW, Charlie, and Gordie on 
the loose. They tiptoed past the sandwich bar and ran to the elevators. Liam, pizza in hand, repeatedly pushed the 
down button on the elevator panel, but Nicky quickly interjected.

"Are you serious? You want to take the elevator and take the chance of getting stuck in the elevator or trapped by
the zombies??" Nicky questioned.

The kids looked at each other, and, while Liam finished off his pizza, they ran towards the staircase and down the steps
toward the lobby.

"Ahhh" screamed Eliana as she flew back up the stairs.

"What? Are you ok?" Jack asked, oblivious to the flood of zombies marching slowly up the stairs.

As the rest of the kids saw the zombies, they all screamed and started scrambling away, except for Dillon and Makoto 
who immediately started replanning now that they could no longer escape the building. Then they whipped around and
took the steps, two at a time, until they were so out of breath they could not continue. The kids found themselves on 
the 11th floor where they quickly tried to come up with a new course of action.

"Ok. So we will be trapped here soon because the zombies are slowly infiltrating every floor of the school" exclaimed
Andrew.

"But nobody freak out, we have an advantage because we know the school much better than the zombies" cried Dillon.
"Obviously!!" Zach said, as he slowly shook his head.

Suddenly the floor cracked and a rotten hand shot out, grabbing Zach by his ankle. 

The zombie dragged Zach toward its mouth and proceeded to take a chunk out of his leg. Always a quick thinker in
these sorts of situations, Dillon took the 6 foot machete off of his back and hacked off the better part of Zach's
lower leg. 

"Oh no!" said Zach melodramatically, "My basketball career is ruined!" 
"Who cares, lets go" said Dillon, hiding panic. He helped Zach up and then turned to the rest of the kids who were all horrified.
"Is anyone missing?" asked Dillon.
"I think that everyone who was here is here." says Makoto. 

"Oh no!" said Zach melodramatically, my basketball career is ruined! 


"Who cares lets go!!" said other Ben, hiding panic. Dillon helped Zach up and then turned to the rest of the kids who 
were all horrified.

"Is anyone missing?" questioned Dillon.

"I think that everyone who was with us before is here." says Makoto. 

"Ok so everyone lets move into the dance studio. Lets hope it will be harder for the zombies to get to use there
because of the dance floor." stated Devin.

The group of kids all ran into the dance studio. Eliana, who was standing towards the back of the studio, began shaking
and turned white. 

From across the hall, the kids  hear people talking and the sounds of heavy things being moved, and then suddenly, nothing.
Cautiously Nicky edged towards the sounds. Everyone followed, tiptoeing and ready to bolt if there were zombies. After an intense
moment of suspence, they look into the room that the sounds had been coming from. 

"Oh!! There you guys are! I thought you guys were gone for good!" said _______. 

"What happened?" asked Dillon.

"Um...I think I hear something over there" said Eliana as she pointed in the direction of where Zach had gotten
most of his leg chopped off.

From across the hall, they hear people talking and the sounds of heavy things being moved, and then suddenly it got quiet.
Cautiously Nicky edged towards the sounds. Everyone followed, tiptoeing and ready to bolt if there were zombies. 
After an intense moment of suspence, they look into the room that the sounds had been coming from. 

"Oh!! There you guys are! I thought you guys were gone for good!" said Georgia, while Maisie and Tyler nodded
vigorously in the background.

"We started to make some weapons that we could use to fight against the zombies" said Henry.

Nathaniel and Makoto fought their way through the crowd and their eyes widened as they looked around.
They saw all the tools and dismangled parts lying on the floor of the dance studio. Makoto's head tilted slightly up
as he pondered what weapon he could make, using numatics of course. Nathaniel saw a computer half hidden from the rest
of the groups view and began to walk towards it. 

"Ooh I can code something in like 2 minutes that we could use to help destroy the robots..." said Nathaniel as he 
grabbed the computer from its hiding place. 

Something about Nathaniel's towering appearance commanded the attention of the group. Someone at the back of the room
whispered that someone needed to take charge of the group or they were all going to die because of the dividing quality
of fear. That thought quickly traveled to the front of the room where Andrew heard it. Andrew immediately tried to 
assume the leadership position but Makoto started to chant NATHANIEL! NATHANIEL!. After about 20 seconds, the chant
spread through the entire room and into the dance studio.

"Well, looks like it is pretty much unanimous. Nathaniel, I know you can lead us to victory!!" said Dillon with a smile
on his face.

Liam, not too happy with the new arrangements, decided that he can build better weapons than Nathineal ever could. He
started to walk towards the door but stopped for a second to make sure he was not making a huge mistake leaving the group.
Well, he thought, I *am* going to Princeston University so I definitely will be able to survive better on my own. Liam
started walking again, but this time without faltering. He exited the room, looked both ways, and quickly made his way
downstairs.

Suddenly, there was a pounding on the door of the dance studio. The zombies had reached the 11th floor!!

Nathaniel exclaimed "Oh God! The zombies are here. Everyone Panic!!" 

"Liam just went down the stairs" Andrew said, "The zombies must have killed him:("

Emily looked pale and Ella rushed over to her. She suddenly burst into tears. "But I already bought a prom dress!!" she
said through her tears. 

The zombies were now banging on the door very loudly. Everyone backed into the corner and away from the door as the
door burst opened and the zombies rushed in. 
